docs/docs/conferences.md, before:

---
id: conferences
title: Conferences
permalink: conferences.html
prev: thinking-in-react.html
next: videos.html
---

### React.js Conf 2015
January 28 & 29 in Facebook HQ, CA

[Website](http://conf2015.reactjs.org/) - [Schedule](http://conf2015.reactjs.org/schedule.html) - [Videos](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLb0IAmt7-GS1cbw4qonlQztYV1TAW0sCr)

<iframe width="650" height="315" src="//www.youtube-nocookie.com/embed/KVZ-P-ZI6W4?list=PLb0IAmt7-GS1cbw4qonlQztYV1TAW0sCr" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe>

### ReactEurope 2015
July 2 & 3 in Paris, France

[Website](http://www.react-europe.org/) - [Schedule](http://www.react-europe.org/#schedule) - [Videos](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCorlLn2oZfgOJ-FUcF2eZ1A/playlists)

### Reactive 2015
November 2-4 in Bratislava, Slovakia

[Website](https://reactive2015.com/) - [Schedule](https://reactive2015.com/schedule_speakers.html#schedule)

### React.js Conf 2016
February 22 & 23 in San Francisco, CA

[Website](http://conf.reactjs.com/) - [Schedule](http://conf.reactjs.com/schedule.html) - [Videos](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLb0IAmt7-GS0M8Q95RIc2lOM6nc77q1IY)

### ReactEurope 2016
June 2 & 3 in Paris, France

[Website](http://www.react-europe.org/) - [Schedule](http://www.react-europe.org/#schedule)

### ReactRally 2016
August 25-26 in Salt Lake City, UT

[Website](http://www.reactrally.com/) - [Schedule](http://www.reactrally.com/#/schedule)

### ReactNext 2016
September 15 in Tel Aviv, Israel

[Website](http://react-next.com/) - [Schedule](http://react-next.com/#schedule)

### Reactive 2016
October 26-28 in Bratislava, Slovakia

[Website](https://reactiveconf.com/)

Commit message:

Add React Amsterdam conference to the list (#7028)

docs/docs/conferences.md, after:

---
id: conferences
title: Conferences
permalink: conferences.html
prev: thinking-in-react.html
next: videos.html
---

### React.js Conf 2015
January 28 & 29 in Facebook HQ, CA

[Website](http://conf2015.reactjs.org/) - [Schedule](http://conf2015.reactjs.org/schedule.html) - [Videos](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLb0IAmt7-GS1cbw4qonlQztYV1TAW0sCr)

<iframe width="650" height="315" src="//www.youtube-nocookie.com/embed/KVZ-P-ZI6W4?list=PLb0IAmt7-GS1cbw4qonlQztYV1TAW0sCr" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe>

### ReactEurope 2015
July 2 & 3 in Paris, France

[Website](http://www.react-europe.org/) - [Schedule](http://www.react-europe.org/#schedule) - [Videos](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCorlLn2oZfgOJ-FUcF2eZ1A/playlists)

### Reactive 2015
November 2-4 in Bratislava, Slovakia

[Website](https://reactive2015.com/) - [Schedule](https://reactive2015.com/schedule_speakers.html#schedule)

### React.js Conf 2016
February 22 & 23 in San Francisco, CA

[Website](http://conf.reactjs.com/) - [Schedule](http://conf.reactjs.com/schedule.html) - [Videos](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLb0IAmt7-GS0M8Q95RIc2lOM6nc77q1IY)

### React Amsterdam 2016
April 16 in Amsterdam, The Netherlands

[Website](http://react.amsterdam) - [Videos](https://youtu.be/sXDZBxbRRag?list=PLNBNS7NRGKMG3uLrm5fgY02hJ87Wzb4IU)

### ReactEurope 2016
June 2 & 3 in Paris, France

[Website](http://www.react-europe.org/) - [Schedule](http://www.react-europe.org/#schedule)

### ReactRally 2016
August 25-26 in Salt Lake City, UT

[Website](http://www.reactrally.com/) - [Schedule](http://www.reactrally.com/#/schedule)

### ReactNext 2016
September 15 in Tel Aviv, Israel

[Website](http://react-next.com/) - [Schedule](http://react-next.com/#schedule)

### Reactive 2016
October 26-28 in Bratislava, Slovakia

[Website](https://reactiveconf.com/)
